			InFuckingCredible

(1) The Coke machine no longer has capacity, for better or for worse.
    You can still put the coins in it, of course.

(2) The Coke can is now openable, with a dark liquid inside.  Implemented the
    drink command.  If you drink the can or the liquid, the Coke_can becomes
    the empty_can.  Changed the former empty_cans to discarded_cans (the ones
    in the CDD devo's office).  Made a generic ANY_CANS.  If you give the devo
    an open can he bitches.  If you shake an open can you get splattered.
    Added SODA as a synonym.

(3) Changed the 'nothing interesting happens' message when you move something
    to hint about specifying a direction.

(4) Removed the text about the guard being friendly.  Brought back 'dressed in
    typical guardly attire'.

(5) If you say PUT ALL or GIVE ALL, then ALL-->POSSESSIONS

(6) Put a kludge in to check for V4.0, V4.1 systems.  If so, start the text
    at the bottom of the screen to prevent the status line getting blown
    away.

(7) Added the personnel door.  We can't have a health door, since there already
    is a stair door in BLUE_HALL_8.  I changed the text accordingly.

(8) Added a "the foo says 'See you later'" when you leave a room with a
    cognizant object in it.

(9) Added the health services problem.  The guard now directs you to health
    services on entry to the building.  The nurse gives you directions when
    you enter her room.  Commands: STAND ON SCALE, PUT ARM IN MACHINE.
    If you do both, a temp badge is left on the reception desk.  Oh yes,
    I added an object: reception desk.  The nurse bitches if you leave
    in the middle of the physical.

(10) Implemented the roving guard.  Once every 75 moves after you've
     had the physical.  He escorts you out if you're not WEARING the
     badge.

(11) New wizard mode commands:
	NURSE - Set the bits to indicate the physical has been taken
	SYSTEM - Set the bits to indicate all the LPs have been installed

(12) Exit conditions:
	Can't leave lobby except by catwalk when not taken physical
	Can't leave lobby to antichamber when:
		System disk is visible (must hide in sack)
		Keys not returned
		Badge not returned
		Installed all LP's and haven't completed exit interview

(13) Implemented the exit interview.  The rep asks you three questions
     out of six.  Must use SAY <answer>.  Doesn't care about syntax, only
     that certain keywords are in the string.  Also, I rewrote the
     description of personnel.

<'What color are the rectangular shaped bars?'>
	Answer must contain:	BLACK
<'Where is the picture of Bill the Cat located?'>
	Answer must contain:	ED
<'How many stairwells are there?'>
	Answer must contain:	4
<'Name a word in the ZK lexicon which is ambiguous in four letters?'>
	Answer must contain:	COMP
<'What color are the rooms described as "passages"? '>
	Answer must contain:	YELLOW
<'How much is the copy of ZK ENQUIRER worth?'>
	Answer must contain:	1BIT

(14) Random fine tuning.  If you put something on the reception desk
     the guard picks it up.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

please describe the following objects:
	TEMP BADGE
	RECEPTION DESK
	PERSONNEL REP
	FS REP (if not done already)
Also, please cruise through ZK$TEXT and tune up my new messages


Will
